These minutes will serve as a recap of our online discussion from February 27th to March 7th over Discord voice chat and Discord text chat.

We decided to divide the project and related discussions into 3 main sections <br/>
![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/227641064549384193/289595611114897408/unknown.png)

#general
* - Assigning other components besides programming (discussion of burndown chart and architecture diagram)
* - Agreed that the layered architecture seemed the most fitting to our project
* - Checking on progress and ensuring each member is working on something separate (no overlapping)

#makeup_front_end
Discussion of front-end design and other lingering visual issues 
* - Overlapping items on the main homepage
* - Color scheme changes to match the theme of the project and resemble the initial plan

#surgeons_back_end
* - Discussion of collections (user, rings and events)
* - Discussing routing issues (noteably with the forgot my password page)
* - Discussing future plans for layout of templates and configuration

