Meeting Duration: 12:21pm - 12:40pm

For this meeting we split up the who will work on what issues before going into Sprint 3.

-[]Arshad - Burndown chart for sprint 3 
-[]Pamela Khouri- Creating events [#39](https://github.com/kpamela/StudyRing/issues/39)
-[]Taj - Joining other study groups [#38](https://github.com/kpamela/StudyRing/issues/38)
-[]Brandon - Search by tag [#38](https://github.com/kpamela/StudyRing/issues/38)
-[]Brandon - Search by name [#38](https://github.com/kpamela/StudyRing/issues/38)
-[]Zack - Forgot my password [#26](https://github.com/kpamela/StudyRing/issues/26)
-[]Tusman - User profile picture [#57](https://github.com/kpamela/StudyRing/issues/57)
-[]Yan Ming Hu - Fixing and debugging old problems(Optional since most of the old issues were previously fixed) #ALL
-[]Laurie - Integrate front end 
